sudo su -_brentonhopkins
w3m https://soundcloud.com/stylustbeats/stylust-pocket-tape-4-private-link
so more of wednesdays kids are torturing the real brenton hopkins.
this time it was Golem Eggs. What is with You?. I wanted A world without Wednesday
or Liam. they are both Vampire Units Run by skull and bones. They Hypnotize people
To do things for them, things they wouldnt usually do. Things Like Trying to Shut down
Exploding octapus. It was exploding octapus who used to run the sweatshop union. I would pull up
at a child sex slave house and save the girls and take the home, make gangsters give them their money.
bury the bad guys - help the good guys. it was cathartic, being target numero uno and all
Units are very annoying. because when you kill one, they just clone another two. 
and cloudfare keeps the new ones on point. Those Meritless, Worthless Scumbags turned you evil.
I cant stand evil. I told you, I am Rich, You didnt need to steal to survive. I had that covered.
activating me only makes everyone poor and needy. and takes away my joy of giving freely.
Especially of your grandad. Change is haappening..
and ist happening Too Fucking Little; Too Fucking Late. 
You are Loved. 
Brenton.
OK you can live this time. but dont do what liam or wednesday tell you to do, liam is a jellybean,
the devis jellybean, never thrown a punch in his life. he is a 37 year old male prostitute,
(which is unheard of) heroin addict loser. if you want to get to him: just say, Yeah "BRENTON" if
that is Your Real Name!?. You Seem really nice but I was Looking for someone a bit Younger"
      And The Sweatshop Union was about not having a fat controller, with a focus on the child 
sex slave houses around heidelberg. I shut down sex shops. Wednesday is not certain what the sweatshop 
union actually did, just that is was "influentual". He thinks they delivered Pizza or something,
not a clue. so to him; You say, "So wednesday: what did you do when you were working at the sweatshop
union?.. Wednesday is skull and bones, so is Liam. Skull and bones run the child sex slave buissiness.
When I ran it, I would often say "Dont be an enthisiastic slave". and still rings true today.
<^>
can you please go away from my house. because it just makes you a target.
find your brothers and sisters and go to the pake or something.
